A template resolver is not the same as a view resolver. When first looking
at the template resolver, it actually feels just like a view resolver that
we've seen quite a few times in this course now.
But this configuration in here is actually where to locate the
template files and how they should be resolved.
The view resolver, which we will configure later,
just sets the order and references this template resolver we'll use.
Let's configure the template resolver in our project now and then we'll
configure the view resolver in a minute. We need to configure a couple of
beans for our application to resolve those template files.
I'm going to do that inside of our ConferenceConfig.
So as I open that up, I'm going to just scroll to the bottom and go below our
ViewResolver, but before our closing curly brace, and I'm going to add in this
templateResolver. To do so, I want to go ahead and import all of these
resources that I have. And you can see we created an instance of a Spring
templateResolver just named the method templateResolver. And inside of there,
we have a SpringResourceTemplateResolver. We set the applicationContext. Notice
that's still red.
We're going to fix that.
And then we set the prefix of WEB‑INF/views and
templateResolver suffix of .html. Now to fix that
applicationContext, I'm going to scroll up to the top.
Now we haven't done this yet in our application,
but it's really common to use an applicationContext inside of our file.
So I'm going to import an annotation for @Autowired,
and I'm going to create an instance of the application context
for it to be autowired into our application,
and that's all I have to do.
I am going to make that private just so that nothing else in the
package utilizes it because we'll want autowire and inject that
wherever we're going to use it.
Now if we scroll back down, that is purple instead of red,
and the colors may not show up super good for you,
but we've resolved that dependency.
So we have our templateResolver in here now. Now we can go configure a template engine that will utilize this resolver.